Moates Burn1/2 and Ostrich interface and classes

The classes contained in the src/ directory and it's subdirectories represent
an encapsulation of the Moates Burn1/2 Chip burner and their Ostrich realtime
chip emulator.  The command line interface to the burn1/2 hardware is pretty
well fleshed out and tested.  I've used it repeatedly from my OSX laptop to
burn working chips for my car.  

The Ostrich class is pretty complete however no command line utility has been
written as a front end to the class.  There is a OstrichDriver in the
src/Ostrich/utils directory that can be expanded upon or be used to serve as
a proof of concept for testing the hardware.

The Serial class was written because I was unaware of boost at that time.  It
attempts to smooth the differences between various operating systems. Both the
Burn and Ostrich interfaces were tested on Linux, FreeBSD, OSX, and Windows
under cygwin.  For Windows builds the Serial classes under src/Serial/windows
should be used instead of the more unix oriented ones in src/Serial.  The
configure and automake scripts are not setup to handle windows and cygwin
in an automatic fashion which is a deficency that needs to be corrected in
the future.

To handle building and generation of makefiles gnu autoconf is used.  To build
the software, just run autoreconf -i then './configure' from the top level
directory.  Advanced autoconf users can use the --prefix, etc options as they
wish.  If all goes well and you don't see any failures once the configre
script completes you can run 'make'.  If there are no failures there you
should see a file named 'burn' in the top level directory. If you wish to
install the new binary 'make install' as root will do so, or you can just
copy the binary to your ~/bin directory.  From there it's just a matter of
running 'burn' with the proper options.  There is a copious help screen
included with the binary.

There will be an ostrich binary built, but it should be considered useful
only for testing things out.  The source for teh executable is the
OstrichDriver.cpp file in the src/Ostrich/utils directory.
